I couldn't ask for any better I got the
call and it was the happiest day of my
life to receive it from fitzy and I Todd
and I'm happy to be here and in the team
environment I'll do my best well no not
really I went the the Bernie challenger
and his mania which other my main focus
was there but you know after i got the
call which was sort of Delilah here and
you know it was a great feeling and it's
and it's an honor to receive a call like
that and you know much appreciated for
that and hopefully when it starts we can
all do well great I mean you know it's
an unbelievable feeling and you know for
that record it's a huge record and you
know but my main focus is just you know
for the team to win and the best as well
as we can here we certainly brings
height filler I'm shrinking stand
ekstrom he's a big boy these days look
he brings a lot of potential into this
team I think and I you know he's he's
developing quickly as a player he's you
know we know there's a lot of potential
there he's always a long way to go for a
17 year old as good a player as you can
be at that age it's you know you're
still a way away in a Boris Becker and
he won Winwood in at 17 he still had a
lot of improving to do and we know that
as a 17 year old there's a lot of work
to happen yet but we're delighted to
have him look it's a great honor i think
as he said to you know he has the beasts
in the team is the youngest player ever
to be in the team and that's a pretty
amazing thing when you consider the
history of Australia Davis Cup no no he
still has to impress me this week he's
inclined to impress pretty well isn't he
but look good no you know the format of
our Davis Cup practice works are always
the same we get all the guys together we
have them practice hard boot each
other's brains out a bit on the court
and then whoever selected the other guys
get behind them that's important because
their time will come but Bernie
absolutely is in contention and he's got
an opportunity to fight his way into the
singles week it's five matches you can
chop and change who plays over the
weekend if it's necessary you make
decisions as you go but the opportunity
is there yeah well look I called Layton
in December and I was good to hear from
him back in about a week's time before
and you know we've spoken we've fixed it
all up and it's it's it's just a bit of
a
misunderstanding we had lately and but
we're all cool now which is the main
thing no look we wanted to focus on the
the summer that's why I probably called
him and Nina clean call back you know
there was a round up and coming up in a
big you know season so look he gave me a
call after which was good and you know
we we've sorted out it's great for
Layton he's been a leader of this team
for ten years now and you know we've got
a young fella coming to the team and
it's great that he shows leadership and
and takes all the younger players under
his wing that's no different to the what
we've had in the past in our in our
davis cup team is a great Davis Cup
teams in the 60s 50s and 60s up until
the current time so I think it's a great
thing but I don't believe there was any
necessarily any brokerage deal I think
Bernie hasn't heard from anyone else
except Layton he hasn't heard from from
Paul or anyone and I don't know whether
there's any you know self-promotion
around from certain corners of the
tennis community but all I know is that
paul hasn't had anything to do with this
Davis Cup team not for the last ten
years and not now so all I make that
very clear